[Autogenerated] Let's discuss what types of resource is are available
from AWS to help us on our journey to AWS mastery.
To achieve mastery,
you're gonna spend many hours going through these types of
resource is and getting hands on experience.
We start with a full services documentation,
and we're gonna go through and talk about each of
these briefly over the next few slots.
From there, we'll talk about a NetBeans services fake use.
We'll talk about white papers and why those are important.
We'll talk about AWS event videos.
We'll discuss the AWS architectures center and why that's
important and we'll look at AWS answers.
The full service documentation is gonna be the final word for
any questions you have about any AWS services.
You will use this to answer questions Azure journey through AWS,
as well as to gain deeper insights into services that you're interested in.
When I was studying for my certification exams when I was learning AWS,
I would spend hours reading through this official documentations.
At times, it can be a bit dry,
but there is gold to be found in this authoritative resource.
There are multiple ways to view the documentation you can use a Web browser.
You can download the documentation.
It's a Pdf file.
You can look at the documentation and GitHub and imported into GitHub,
or you can use a Kindle reader to look at it.
When I was learning at W S,
I would download a Kindle version of the documentation that I was interested in.
Put it on my iPad and use it as reference and pick it
up and read it from time to time.
You probably don't want to read most of these documents from
cover to cover because it's a bit dry.
Instead, you wanna pick out areas that are interesting and read those sections.
Many of these documents will contain step by step examples to do
configurations so that you can practice what you've learned from
the full services documentation.
We move over to the AWS services FAA cues.
These documents can be quite lengthy,
so trying to read them from cover to cover is probably not the best approach.
It's also very dry reading.
There's gonna be a few of these that I did read from cover
to cover as I was preparing for the exam.
But that's the exception rather than the rule.
As I was studying for the exam,
I would refer back to these as I would review practice questions,
or I would be looking at forums and see questions that people posted
these F a qs can see very helpful to answer that.
And sometimes an exam question will come from something you learn in an F A.
Q.
Another part of your journey to AWS mastery will take you through white papers.
You don't need to read all of these.
There's literally hundreds of these documents out there,
and they're not all gonna be applicable for this exam.
Reading White Papers works best for those that prefer
static and visual presentation.
That's great for that.
My recommendation is that when you're building your mental model in
getting started in your AWS journey that you read the following three
white papers architect ng for the Cloud AWS best practices AWS security
best practices and the overview of Amazon Web Services those will help
you establish your mental model.
Initially,
you're just going to want to read these to get your foundation in place,
but as you move into exam preparation later,
you're gonna actually want to study these in a little bit more detail Once you
have grasped the concepts of AWS and you feel like you really understand it
and you're ready to start studying for the exam,
there's other white papers that you wanna look at as well.
The AWS storage services overview the AWS well architected framework.
And then the overview of security processes will be fundamental
to you mastering AWS and passing the exam.
Another area I would like to encourage you to look at are the EBS event videos.
You don't need to watch every single video that's out there.
There are a ton of videos out there.
You're going to be better off focusing on foundational videos that are evil.
Either a level 300 or a Level 400.
Level 300 is gonna be kind of an intermediate level,
and 400 is gonna be more, um, of an advanced level.
But it's gonna be the level of knowledge you're gonna need when you're
trying to master AWS and really get your mental model down.
So personally,
I would avoid the Level 200 videos because there's simply too basic.
If you're just trying to get a real quick understanding of how
some service works and they might be okay,
but I would focus in on the 304 100 videos.
And remember, you are trying to build a mental model.
An example of a video that I found really helpful when I was
learning wasn't it was called Another day,
another billion packets.
This is a Level 400 lecture that was taught at reinvent,
and basically it goes into the whole life cycle of a packet.
It's very interesting, and it will help you build your mental model.
This approach to learning with the videos is gonna work best for
someone who prefers auditory and visual presentations.
The next area you wanna look at is the AWS Architectures center.
The Architectures center is a website that describes best
practice architecture from different scenarios.
There will be things like website hosting or web application hosting or
media sharing or online games will provide examples.
Architects who have been through the process will share
their solution and give you direction on it.
The other thing about the architecture center.
There's a whole bunch of CloudFormation templates within the
architecture center that you can download and then deploy into your own
environment so you can experience how these architectures work and get
hands on experience playing with them.
Reviewing the architectures is a great way to confirm your mental model.
Azure knowledge of AWS increases the final piece we wanna look at.
If the AWS answers page,
this website will provide you with answers to come in
architecture questions and help you further refine your
mental model as you develop mastery of AWS.
I personally did not use this when I was learning AWS
because it wasn't available then.
But I do refer to it often now because it's a very useful resource,
and it's got lots of good answers to questions about you're
architectures and your deployment and how to build and deploy. So I definitely recommend AWS answers as a resource Azure learning AWS.